GettingAndCleaningData
======================	======================
Repository for Cousera: https://class.coursera.org/getdata-008
> run_analysis.R should do the following:	> run_analysis.R should do the following:
   	   
>   1)  Merges the training and the test sets to create one data set.	>   1)  Merges the training and the test sets to create one data set.
 	 
>   2)  Extracts only the measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each measurement. 	>   2)  Extracts only the measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each measurement. 
 	 
>   3)  Uses descriptive activity names to name the activities in the data set	>   3)  Uses descriptive activity names to name the activities in the data set
 	 
>   4)  Appropriately labels the data set with descriptive variable names. 	>   4)  Appropriately labels the data set with descriptive variable names. 
   	   
>   5)  From the data set in step 4, creates a second, independent tidy data set with the average	>   5)  From the data set in step 4, creates a second, independent tidy data set with the average
>       of each variable for each activity and each subject.	>       of each variable for each activity and each subject.
>     Please upload the tidy data set created in step 5 of the instructions. 	>     Please upload the tidy data set created in step 5 of the instructions. 
>     Please upload your data set as a txt file created with write.table() using row.name=FALSE 	>     Please upload your data set as a txt file created with write.table() using row.name=FALSE 
>     (do not cut and paste a dataset directly into the text box, as this may cause errors 	>     (do not cut and paste a dataset directly into the text box, as this may cause errors 
>     saving your submission).	>     saving your submission).
Repository structure	Repository structure
====================	====================
> directory /project_data, contains all files needed for evaluation by run_analysis.R	> -directory /project_data, contains all files needed for evaluation by run_analysis.R
> README.md, this file.	> -README.md, this file.
> codebook.md, contains the description of variables produced by run_analysis.R	> -codebook.md, contains the description of variables produced by run_analysis.R
> run_analysis.R, is the R script that produces the tidyData.txt file 	> -run_analysis.R, is the R script that produces the tidyData.txt file 
> tidyData.txt, is the file generated by run_analysis.R, which contains the reshaped	> -tidyData.txt, is the file generated by run_analysis.R, which contains the reshaped
> data set processed from /project_data	> data set processed from /project_data
Running the run_analysis.R script	Running the run_analysis.R script
@@ -44,7 +44,6 @@ Running the run_analysis.R script
> 3) clone this repository : git clone https://github.com/dholtz/GettingAndCleaningData	> 3) clone this repository : git clone https://github.com/dholtz/GettingAndCleaningData

> 4) change directory into the GettingAndCleaningData directory	> 4) change directory into the GettingAndCleaningData directory
> 5) start R from the command line	> 5) start R from the command line
@@ -57,5 +56,3 @@ How the, run_analysis.R script works
> This script is heavily commented and explains step-wise what is happening.	> This script is heavily commented and explains step-wise what is happening.
> DRY Principle (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Don't_repeat_yourself)	> DRY Principle (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Don't_repeat_yourself)
